Now what I'd like to do is I'd like
to go through and actually take a look
at our application.properties file
and review some of the properties we have in there
for our database configuration.
First thing I'll do is I'll actually un-comment
these properties here.
Make sure we remove all the comments.
Now we'll take a look at the properties.
The first four properties here for URL,
driver, username, and password,
they're all self-explanatory; just basic properties
that we need for connecting to a database.
You've used this in previous JDBC coding in the past.
The next item here, datasource.initialization-mode=always;
this means that it'll automatically create
the database schema regardless of the data source type
that you're using.
Next, we have database-platform.
What we're doing here is we're saying, hey,
this is the actual dialect you should use for the database.
Remember, different SQL databases have some things
that are slightly different, like Oracle,
and Postgres, and MySQL, and H2.
They have some small little differences here and there.
What we're doing here is we're telling it, hey,
use the H2 dialect because we're using the H2 database.
We have some other entries here as far as
the console enabled.
The H2 database has a Web console.
Also, the jpa.show-sql.
We want to show all the SQL statements in the logs.
The one entry I'd like to talk about here
is the ddl-auto.
At the moment, we have it set to create-drop.
What does this mean?
With this configuration, behind the scene,
it'll actually drop the existing tables,
then it'll create new tables.
After those operations are done,
it'll actually drop the database schema.
This approach is commonly used for integration testing.
That's pretty much it for our database config,
so you can go ahead and just save the latest
that you have here and we'll use this
in the follow-on videos.